MTV-5106 CQA Release notes (#903)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/known-issues-2-11.adoc

+
To work around this problem, deploy {project-short} on dual-stack or IPv4 clusters.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-3116[MTV-3116]

Incorrect labeling of inactive migration plans::

Inactive migration plans are incorrectly labeled as `Running` when `max_vms_inflight` exceeds the total number of disks per migration. As a consequence, all migration plans appear to be `Running` in the user interface.
+
No known workaround exists.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-1736[MTV-1736]

Migration between {ocp-short} namespaces causes MAC address collisions::

During migration between {ocp-short} namespaces in a cluster, MAC address collisions occur. As a consequence, VM creation fails.
+
To work around this problem, disable the `KubeMacPool`. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.21/html/virtualization/networking#virt-managing-kubemacpool-cli_virt-using-mac-address-pool-for-vms[Managing KubeMacPool by using the CLI] in the {ocp-short} documentation.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-2446[MTV-2446]

{vmw} vSphere 6 or 7 migration fails on FIPS-enabled clusters::

> In {project-short} 2.11.0, an update to Golang 1.25 causes a connection failure. This occurs on FIPS-enabled clusters with {vmw} vSphere 6 or 7 due to unsupported TLS 1.2 with EMS. As a consequence, users cannot migrate {vmw} vSphere 6 or 7 VMs to a FIPS-compliant cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {project-short} 2.11.0, an update to Golang 1.25 causes a connection failure. This occurs on FIPS-enabled clusters with {vmw} vSphere 6 or 7 due to unsupported TLS 1.2 with Extended Master Secret (EMS). As a consequence, users cannot migrate {vmw} vSphere 6 or 7 VMs to a FIPS-compliant cluster.
```

+
To work around this problem, disable FIPS mode on the cluster. Alternatively, use a {vmw} vSphere version that supports TLS 1.2 with EMS to migrate VMs.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-4411[MTV-4411]

Second migration plan with shared RDM disks fails when shared disk migration is disabled::

> You might migrate two VMs with shared RDM disks by using `copyoffload` in separate migration plans. If you disable shared disk migration, the second migration plan fails at the `ImageConversion` step. This occurs after successfully migrating the first VM with shared disk migration enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might migrate two VMs with shared Raw Device Mapping (RDM) disks by using `copyoffload` in separate migration plans. If you disable shared disk migration, the second migration plan fails at the `ImageConversion` step. This occurs after successfully migrating the first VM with shared disk migration enabled.
```

+

> The second plan incorrectly creates two populate pods, one for the operating system disk and one for the shared RDM disk. The plan should create only the operating system disk populate pod. As a consequence, the second migration fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second plan incorrectly creates two populated pods, one for the operating system disk and one for the shared RDM disk. The plan should create only the operating system disk populate pod. As a consequence, the second migration fails.
```

Make sure you are using the right part of speech

Live migration support limit in custom namespaces with host providers:: 

> Host providers in custom namespaces operate with restricted permissions that prevent {project-short} from accessing resources for live migration support, for example, verifying a feature gate is enabled or synchronizing certificates between namespaces. As a result, live migration currently has limited support in custom namespaces with host providers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host providers in custom namespaces have restricted permissions that prevent {project-short} from accessing live migration resources. Consequently, live migration has limited support in these namespaces.
```

The reading age of the text provided is approximately 17 years old, which corresponds to a 12th-grade level (U.S. education system).

Readability Breakdown
Based on the Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level formula:

Total Words: 26

Sentences: 2

Average Words per Sentence: 13 (Well within the CQA recommendation of 22 or fewer)

Syllables per Word: 1.92 (High density of multi-syllabic technical terms like "namespaces," "permissions," and "consequently")

Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level: 12.2

Estimated Reading Age: 17.2 years

Analysis relative to Red Hat / CQA Standards
While the sentence length is excellent (13 words on average), the "reading age" is pushed higher by technical terminology and the transition word "Consequently."

According to the CQA 2.1 Quality criteria and Red Hat Supplementary Style Guide:

Sentence Length (Pass): Both sentences are well under the 22-word limit.

Clarity (Pass): The text avoids "fluff" and is direct.

Minimalism (Pass): It uses a "mini content journey" approach, moving from the technical limitation (restricted permissions) to the user impact (limited support).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why the original release note is being rewritten, apart from the typo supported > support?

> Host providers in custom namespaces operate with restricted permissions that prevent {project-short} from accessing resources for live migration support, for example, verifying a feature gate is enabled or synchronizing certificates between namespaces. As a result, live migration currently has limited support in custom namespaces with host providers. 

Reviewer: ### **Readability Breakdown (Flesch-Kincaid):**

* **Total Words:** 47  
* **Total Sentences:** 2  
* **Average Words per Sentence:** 23.5 (Exceeds the Red Hat/CQA limit of 22\)  
* **Syllables per Word:** 1.98 (Very high density of complex words like "synchronizing," "permissions," and "namespaces")  
* **Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level:** **16.9**  
* **Estimated Reading Age:** **21.9 years**

### **Why this is rated so high:**

1. **Sentence Length:** The first sentence is **32 words long**, which significantly increases the complexity score.  
2. **Lexical Density:** The text uses several 4-syllable and 5-syllable words (e.g., *syn-chro-ni-zing*, *per-mis-sions*).  
3. **Clutter:** Phrasing like "operate with restricted permissions that prevent" can be simplified to "have restricted permissions."

### **Comparison with CQA 2.1 Standards:**

This text **does not meet** the "Quality" criteria in your CQA spreadsheet because:

* The sentence length exceeds the **22-word limit**.  
* The reading level is far above the "accessible" target (usually 8th–10th grade) recommended for global technical audiences.

+
*Workaround:* Use the default host provider or create a provider with an appropriate access token. 
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-3347[MTV-3347]

Forklift console plugin fails to load on IPv6-only {ocp-short} clusters::

> When {project-short} is deployed on an IPv6-only {ocp-short} cluster, an incorrect API endpoint prevents the forklift-console-plugin from serving a valid plugin manifest, displaying the error `Failed to get a valid plugin manifest from /api/plugins/forklift-console-plugins/`. While the forklift-ui-plugin pod runs successfully, the console plugin cannot load, preventing access to the {project-short} user interface in the {ocp-short} web console. This issue affects all IPv6-only cluster deployments with {ocp-short} 4.19.7 and CNV 4.19.1. This issue was first observed in {project-short} version 2.9.1 and continues to affect {project-short} version 2.11. 

Reviewer: repetitive language - two sentences  that use `affect`
